# CS-340-ClientServerDevelopment
A Repo for class CS-340-Client Server Development

1. When writing programs its important to think about upgradability as well as portability. A piece of software that only works in niche cases can be useful, but in some respects a piece of software that can be used in many applications can be useful for more users and have a larger impact on a potential client base. I try to ensure programs use the best and most up to date practices while also maintaining a level of readability that can be understood in laymans terms, or to someone unfamiliar with the language or development envrionment.This allows others to understand my code and more imporant why certain decsisions were made1.	When writing programs its important to think about upgradability as well as portability. A piece of software that only works in niche cases can be useful, but in some respects a piece of software that can be used in many applications can be useful for more users and have a larger impact on a potential client base. I try to ensure programs use the best and most up to date practices while also maintaining a level of readability that can be understood in layman’s terms, or to someone unfamiliar with the language or development environment. This allows others to understand my code and more important why certain decisions were made and what impact they have on the overall product.
2. 
3.	When approaching a problem its important to plan out the objective before writing any code. This allows the authors thought process to pass required logic steps and gives the software a solid foundation to build from and expand development in the future. This project was different from previous owns I have completed, as I did not have much experience with MongoDB. After getting acquainted with it however, it was easy to work with the system and figure out how to connect different pieces of software with others to increase productivity and developmental potential. In the future I would do more trouble shooting with different systems like MongoDB in order to gain more experience and learn the intricacies of the software being utilized.
4.	
5.	Computer science is a large field with many realms of expertise, but in software development its all bout figuring out solutions to software problems and creating productive developments where applicable. Many forms of record organization and consolidation can be streamlined with database software like MongoDB, and this can pave the way for developments in other areas as well make tasks in business faster and more efficient. For a company like Grazioso Salvare, they will be able to use this software to find dogs with high aptitude for life saving training, which can help people an communities around the world. As more companies begin embracing products like this, business becomes faster and impacts more people, netting an improvement in the lives of an untold amount of people.
